VSB cleanup for OADP 1.1 (#59894)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-deleting-cluster-resources-following-failure.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-deleting-cluster-resources-following-failure_{context}"]

> = Deleting cluster resources following a partially successful or a failed backup and restore using Data Mover

Reviewer: Does this title mean deleting for a backup _that used_ Data Mover? If so, then I would use that wording instead of "using". "using" here sounds like you're using Data Mover to delete the cluster resources

```suggestion
= Deleting cluster resources following a partially successful or a failed backup and restore that used Data Mover
```

> If your backup and restore operation that uses Data Mover either fails or only partially succeeds, you need to clean up any `VolumeSnapshotBackup` (VSB) or `VolumeSnapshotrestores` custom resource definitions (CRDs) that exist in the application namespace, and clean up any extra resources created by these controllers.

Reviewer: Check the CR names here. I don't think the capitalization is right / plural. Should it be `VolumeSnapshotRestore`?

```suggestion
If your backup and restore operation that uses Data Mover either fails or only partially succeeds, you must clean up any `VolumeSnapshotBackup` (VSB) or `VolumeSnapshotRestore` custom resource definitions (CRDs) that exist in the application namespace, and clean up any extra resources created by these controllers.
```

> .Procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
```

> . Clean up cluster resources that remain after a backup operation using Data Mover by entering the following commands:

Reviewer: Same comment about "using" -> "that used"

```suggestion
. Clean up cluster resources that remain after a backup operation that used Data Mover by entering the following commands:
```

.. Delete VSB CRDs:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc delete vsb -n <app-ns> --all

Reviewer: Missing $
Same comment as another file about underscores in replaceable values

```suggestion
$ oc delete vsb -n <app_namespace> --all
```

----

.. Delete `VolumeSnapshot` CRs:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc delete volumesnapshot -A --all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc delete volumesnapshot -A --all
```

----

.. Delete `volumesnapshotcontent` CRs:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc delete volumesnapshotcontent --all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc delete volumesnapshotcontent --all
```

----

.. Delete any PVCs on the namespace.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc delete pvc -n <protected-ns> --all

Author: @kaovilai : @bergerhoffer raises a good point. 
For Delete VSB CDRs, we say: $ oc delete vsb -n <app-namespace> --all    but
For Delete Delete any PVCs on the namespace, we say $ oc delete pvc -n <protected_namespace> --all

Are <app-namespace> and  <protected_namespace> the same namespace? If so, should we refer to it as  <app-namespace> in all commands?
